#Name: Ryan Xu
#Date: 3/4/2026
#Title: Motivational Quote Generator
#Description: Takes a random quote from a list and prints it.

def efficient_quote_generator():
    #List of motivational quotes
    quotes = [
        "The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney",
        "Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair",
        "Stay afraid, but do it anyway. What’s important is the action. — Carrie Fisher",
        "Believe you can and you're halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt",
        "Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. — Mary Kay Ash",
        "It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. — Babe Ruth",
        "The hard days are what make you stronger. — Aly Raisman",
        "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. — Sam Levenson",
        "Either you run the day or the day runs you. — Jim Rohn",
        "Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. — Theodore Roosevelt"
    ]

    #Cycle through the available quotes within the list quotes
    for quote in range(0, len(quotes)):
        print(quotes[quote])


def basic_quote_generator():
    print(
        "The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney"
    )
    print(
        "Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair"
    )
    print(
        "Stay afraid, but do it anyway. What’s important is the action. — Carrie Fisher"
    )
    print("Believe you can and you're halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt")
    print(
        "Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. — Mary Kay Ash"
    )
    print("It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. — Babe Ruth")
    print("The hard days are what make you stronger. — Aly Raisman")
    print("Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. — Sam Levenson")
    print("Either you run the day or the day runs you. — Jim Rohn")
    print(
        "Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. — Theodore Roosevel"
    )

    efficient_quote_generator()